Update sticky-bucketing.md (#510)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/advanced-techniques/en/sticky-bucketing.md

Sticky bucketing is often used as a defense mechanism against [variant jumping](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/experiment/guides/troubleshooting/variant-jumping/): when a user is exposed to two or more variants for a single flag or experiment. However, simply enabling sticky bucketing does not guarantee that you’ll never see variant jumping. For example, it may still occur if your experiment includes both a logged-out and a logged-in experience, since a user may have a different Amplitude ID when they are logged in versus not.

{{partial:admonition type='note'}}
Sticky bucketing is only available on experiments not flags.
{{/partial:admonition}}

{{partial:admonition type='note'}}

>  Amplitude Experiment uses [consistent bucketing](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/experiment/general/evaluation/implementation/#consistent-bucketing) and a [deterministic hashing algorithm](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/experiment/general/evaluation/implementation/#hashing), which keeps users bucketed into their original variants as long as you don’t change anything. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Amplitude Experiment uses [consistent bucketing](/docs/feature-experiment/implementation#consistent-bucketing) and a [deterministic hashing algorithm](/docs/feature-experiment/implementation#hashing), which keeps users bucketed into their original variants as long as you don’t change anything. 
```
